Migrate SQL docs (#521)
redpanda-data/cloud-docs: modules/reference/pages/sql/sql-functions/string-functions/regex/posix-regular-expressions.adoc

= POSIX Regular Expressions
:description: POSIX (Portable Operating System Interface) defines a set of standard operating system interfaces based on the UNIX OS.
:page-topic-type: reference

> *POSIX* (Portable Operating System Interface) defines a set of standard operating system interfaces based on the UNIX OS. In POSIX Basic Regex Expression (BRE) syntax, most characters are treated as literals (e.g. they match only themselves). However, some characters called *metacharacters* have special meaning.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
*POSIX* (Portable Operating System Interface) defines a set of standard operating system interfaces based on the UNIX OS. In POSIX Basic Regex Expression (BRE) syntax, most characters are treated as literals (for example, they match only themselves). However, some characters called *metacharacters* have special meaning.
```
